README.md, before:

# TWIN Workspace

This repo contains all the other relevant repos as submodules.

To clone the repo and all it's submodules use the following command:

```shell
git clone --recursive https://github.com/twinfoundation/workspace.git
```

It should be noted the submodules will not be linked to one another, and will all have their own independent dependencies.

## Submodules

You have update all the submodules using the following command:

```shell
git submodule update --recursive
```

If you want to pull all the latest changes for the submodules use the following command:

```shell
git pull --recurse-submodules
```

To add a new module to the repository use the following command:

```shell
git submodule add https://github.com/twinfoundation/<name>.git
```

You must also add the name of the module in `package.json` in the `submodules` array, so that it will be processed by the other scripts in the correct chronological build order.

## Cross module commands

The following commands are available across all the modules.

### Install

You can run the following command to perform an npm install across all the submodules:

```shell
npm run submodule:install
```

### Dist

You can run the following command to perform the full distribution build across all the submodules:

```shell
npm run submodule:dist
```

## Development

To work on specific repos it is recommended to open that repo separately in VS Code and use the package script etc within that repo.

Commit message:

Add start module fos submodules script

README.md, after:

# TWIN Workspace

This repo contains all the other relevant repos as submodules.

To clone the repo and all it's submodules use the following command:

```shell
git clone --recursive https://github.com/twinfoundation/workspace.git
```

It should be noted the submodules will not be linked to one another, and will all have their own independent dependencies.

## Submodules

You have update all the submodules using the following command:

```shell
git submodule update --recursive
```

If you want to pull all the latest changes for the submodules use the following command:

```shell
git pull --recurse-submodules
```

To add a new module to the repository use the following command:

```shell
git submodule add https://github.com/twinfoundation/<name>.git
```

You must also add the name of the module in `package.json` in the `submodules` array, so that it will be processed by the other scripts in the correct chronological build order.

## Cross module commands

The following commands are available across all the modules.

### Install

You can run the following command to perform an npm install across all the submodules:

```shell
npm run submodule:install
```

If you need to start the `install` process from a specific submodule just add that module name to the end of the command.

e.g. To start again from the `engine` submodule.

```shell
npm run submodule:install engine
```

### Dist

You can run the following command to perform the full distribution build across all the submodules:

```shell
npm run submodule:dist
```

If you need to start the `dist` process from a specific submodule just add that module name to the end of the command.

e.g. To start again from the `engine` submodule.

```shell
npm run submodule:dist engine
```


## Development

To work on specific repos it is recommended to open that repo separately in VS Code and use the package script etc within that repo.
